Welcome to Connectmaster. Your instructor has selected this program to help you study,
using an adaptive learning program that then applies what you've learned to real-world situations in your other assignments.
The assignment page summarizes the course content selected by your instructor,
and may include scenario-based activities, writing assignments and case studies, along with the adaptive assignments.
The assignment page also provides due dates for each assignment. Check the assignment page often to
stay on track with your work. Since the Adaptive Learning Program is a key component of
Connectmaster, let's take a quick look at what you can expect. As you answer
questions in your assignments, the Adaptive Learning Program will identify which
concepts you understand, in which you need to review more, with additional
resources like videos or slides. While this might be a very different way of
studying for you, it's also proven to be more effective and efficient. Here's how
it works. You can choose to start
by accessing content in learning resources or by assessing your knowledge with questions.
For some courses, topic overviews will introduce you to the content at the beginning of each
new topic or section.
As you answer questions in the assignment, you'll be given additional resources for the topics
you need more help with.
This will help you get more practice exactly where you need it in order to fully understand
all of the key concepts your instructor wants you to learn.
Just keep working and let the adaptive program provide what you need.
Start an assignment by reviewing the concept resources first, or by jumping straight to answering questions.
If you start with the resources, you can select what you'd like to learn about and click Go to Questions whenever you want to check your understanding.
To complete an assignment you need to show you understand all of the concepts included in your assignment As you work through the assignment your progress is shown by the bar in the upper left section of the screen
Your progress and that of your classmates will be reported to your professor so they know
which concepts the class is struggling with and which are understood.
It's okay to get things wrong in the adaptive assignments.
It's actually an important part of the learning experience.
These assignments measure how much you practice and how many concepts you complete.
not how many questions are asked, or how high your score.
It's important to be honest in your responses and try your best in order to move forward and get accurate results.
So don't guess. Go back to the reading or use other study resources in the assignment to review concepts that you're struggling with.
Because the assignment is adaptive, the number of questions you answer to complete the assignment
may be different from your classmates. We've given you a time estimate for the assignment to help you plan your work.
There's no time limit, so you can spend as long as you want.
The progress indicator will let you know how many more concepts you need to complete your assignment.
Most of your homework will be the assignments your instructor sets up, but there are additional tools available.
Review assignments are assigned by the instructor.
If this option is assigned, it's a good way to prepare for tests since your instructor will
have specifically chosen what concepts are included.
Recharge assignments are something you can assign to yourself, helping you design your own practice.
This is a great tool to review concepts you've struggled with.
You should pay attention to the reports on your most challenging concepts when you set this up,
so you don't spend too much time studying what you already know.
Now it's time to get started.
We hope you have a great semester in this course, and if you have questions, contact our customer support, or ask your instructor.
Good luck!
You know,